Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You can finish that.
You think I'm doing
the wrong thing? Leaving?
I've got problems of my own.
I don't think about you 24 hours a day.
I know that. I know. I just…
I was talking to everybody. and I…
I looked at Marcus's face.
and I felt like a piece of shit.
Yeah. well. you should feel
like a piece of shit. You quit.
That's what I'm saying.
Maybe I shouldn't leave. right?
No. no. no.
You should definitely leave.
But you should also feel bad.
And Marcus is the fucking man.
He doesn't need you. but…
All those things are true.
I don't know. it's just…
Syd's got me prepping. right?
-Just cutting onions.
-Really?
And I've got this feeling that I had
when I first started in restaurants.
right. where I wasn't thinking
about anything else.
I wasn't thinking about stars
or temperatures or-or time.
It's an onion. and I could do that.
Just prep for everybody. you know?
And not have to think about anything.
That sounds awful.
And that would last for. like. ten seconds
and then you'd turn into
a fucking psycho again.
And I think that the reason you like
being in those kitchens
where you didn't have to think about shit
was 'cause there was so much shit
you didn't wanna think about.
And not thinking about yourself
all the time. that's a good thing.
but not thinking about anything
is fucking depressing.
Additionally. like. you're not.
like. a great teammate.
The fuck does that mean?
You know. you're always alone. you know?
That's not even true.
I've worked in kitchens my entire life.
Yeah. and you just shouted at everybody
'cause you're. like. differently abled.
That's not collaborating. you know?
You never played sports. You don't get it.
I wrestled in high school.
That's solo. you know?
And you did that for a month.
and you got the shit beat out of you.
When I call you differently abled.
I wasn't. like. trying to be mean
or call you a re…
-you know. the R word.
-I understand. I know.
I know what you mean.
Doing something where you have to think
about other people and other things.
that would be good for you.
I should turn right.
Yeah. I don't know
what the fuck that means.
Just be a team player. you know?
Be a fucking human being.
Ask somebody how they're doing.
Tell them they're nice. I don't know.
That makes sense.
How are you doing?
-Me?
-Yeah.
I'm struggling.
Thank you for asking.
Sorry to hear that.
It's all good.
I'll prevail.
Yeah.
I got in a little fucking
car accident this morning.
Fuck. Really?
It was stupid. I wasn't paying attention.
I was thinking about this one time when
I slapped the shit out of your brother.
I've been thinking about that all day.
Fuck.
Yeah. man. I think about that shit.
like. all the time.
I mean…
look where the fuck we are.
You don't got to say anything.
And I gotta focus anyway.
I gotta restore some morale here
with a fucking barn burner of a pre-meal.
and I got nothing in the tank.
It's all right. You don't gotta put
too much pressure on it. you know?
Do you remember any that.
like. you know. got you really fired up?
You just gotta be honest.
You know. don't read
some bullshit quote. Just…
level with everybody.
Real. passionate.
That makes you want to kill.
Heard.
I'm gonna go drill some onions. but.
um. thank you for listening. you know.
Also.
Mikey…
He had it coming.
Yeah. he did. He did.
But…
You know. I wish that it wasn't me.
I'm glad that it was. All right?
Yeah. yeah.
Can somebody
please bring that tarp?
This is insane.
if anybody wants to help clean.
Teddy. you okay. honey?
Mostly just sad now. to be honest.
- Teddy. hang tight. bro.
- Okay.
I'm gonna dry it up down here.
I'm gonna get you down.
- Okay.
- Ted. how we doing?
Not good.
Yeah. that sucks. dog.
Hey. Syd. Carm.
-Yo.
-Yeah?
You guys mad at me?
-It's not your fault.
-A little. to be honest.
Pastry's a little bit mad.
Fuck this. Fuck everything.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Yeah. Hi.
Just checking on you. You need anything?
Uh…
That's nice. Thank you.
- Yeah.
- Um…
We're barely gonna cover payroll.
And that is with the slashed menu.
the labor reductions. canceled orders.
But. uh. Susie. Laura. and Brendan.
they saved us some money. so that's good.
-Who the fuck are Susan and Brendy and--
-Servers. Carm.
They all quit.
- Yeah.
- Right.
Talk to Neil. He's sad you're leaving.
Yeah. I know.
How's the. um…
-whatever.
-This?
-Yeah. yeah.
-Is it… is it crazy?
I mean. are you looking
for something bad to happen?
No. it's-it's a compulsion.
Like. I-I have to listen.
I cannot not be listening right now.
and it's like I want her to do
something fucked-up. you know?
Yeah. no. I know the feeling.
She's not going to.
No.
I'm really tired. Carmen.
You want to give me the… the thing?
I can listen for a little bit.
Really?
Yeah. if you got something you want to…
Y-Yeah. I got plenty.
- Okay.
- Okay. thank you.
- Let's see.
- That's awesome.
Um…
-Yeah. so it's right here.
-Okay.
And if she does anything remotely weird.
-you'll find me.
-Yeah. no. I'll tell her not to.
-and I'll find you.
-Okay. thank you.
-Okay.
Yeah. Yes. baby. What. what?
Oh. oh. You want that.
Okay.
You here for the street permit?
No. Air rights.
Did you fill out the form?
We just did.
Yeah. so what do we do next?
Hold on.
One foot after another. You got it. buddy.
You got it. You got it.
Okay. that's perfect.
-His first time using the ladder.
-Oh. yeah.
- You got it.
- Got it.
-You good?
-Yeah.
You good?
I feel like that fucked me up.
Feel like I gotta go see somebody.
I got you. baby. Go to Jill.
- Who's Jill?
- Our therapist.
-Their therapist.
-Gonna put this here. We're gonna need it.
Ooh. Sorry. Behind. Okay.
Hey. So the contractor
will be here tomorrow.
I know. I know. it's not ideal.
- Tomorrow.
- Hey. You okay. baby boy?
-I was up there for three hours.
-You were not up there for three hours.
-You good?
-No.
-Maybe helping might help you feel-- Okay.
-I don't think I can carry on after that.
Um. could you guys maybe help
with the… with the roof a little?
-Yes. Chef.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
-Thank you so very much.
-Eat that.
-Oh. I…
I am allergic to apples.
Thank you so much though.
-Eat that.
-I'm good right now.
It's good.
Thank you. Chef.
All right.
Focus. Rich.
Paths to success
by R.
Jerimovich. Partner.
All right.
Tempo…
What are you doing?
- I found more plates.
- Oh.
You know you're an old lady.
You're not supposed to be
carrying things with your bad legs.
Don't tell Sydney I dropped one.
I would never tell her. Come on.
Hey.
-Yo.
-All good?
Yeah. yeah. all good.
Nothing to report.
She. um. made a phone call
for a little bit.
Was making cute baby voices.
so it's all… so it's all good.
Well. hopefully today isn't enough time
for DD to stunt her emotional development.
Mmm.
- Was that a shot there?
- Oh. right between the eyes.
-I have emotions.
-I know you do.
I know.
You know what I was thinking
about this morning?
Mmm?
How crazy it is that I just…
I spent so much time
running from this place.
I fucking hated it so much.
And now it's my favorite thing.
Yeah. that makes sense.
- "You made it nice."
- Oh.
"I made it nice for everyone. Carmen."
I don't like it when you do that.
-So scary. It's so scary.
-"Carmen!"
I did have it the worst. though.
-No.
-Yeah.
-No. Are you fucking--
-The only daughter of an absolute maniac.
-I was the baby.
-Are you fucking kidding? She--
-No. she was fucking obsessed with you.
-Oh. Me?
-Yes.
-She was obsessed with you.
-No.
-Oh. no. No. no. no.
-Yes. she was.
-You know what?
It should be illegal
for a mother to have a daughter.
-It should be illegal for a mother--
-Yeah. yeah. it should.
They shouldn't let it happen.
She was obsessed with you.
You were like her…
her little prince.
You know. honestly.
her favorite was always him.
Yeah.
Richie. this is not happening.
I'm sorry. but as your partner.
I cannot agree to this. I cannot.
-Oh. okay.
-No. no. it's not possible. Richie.
- I can make this possible.
- No.
-I can!
-No. you cannot. You're not listening.
- Are we talking turns?
- Yes.
A-And I need Neil policing rain
at the front door.
He locked himself in the bathroom.
You gotta go talk to him.
He needs female energy.
-Let's just fucking drill this shit.
-Oh.
-Fuck yeah.
-Thank you.
-No. no. no.
-Why?
Um. because we don't have enough food.
And after that. we have. like.
one working sink in the locker room.
After that. there's. like.
four plates for them to wash.
-Barely.
-No spoons. Where are the spoons?
And after that. there's no servers
to serve the four freaking plates.
I can make it happen.
At any given point. we're double.
and at some points. triple-booked.
So literally how. Richard?
-With grace and determination.
-Ah.
I once walked in here. and I saw a turtle
and a cat sharing a pop in the back booth.
I like that. I like that positivity. Yes.
-Thank you.
-No.
-But it's not possible.
-Cousin.
-Carmen.
-I'm sorry. I'm just…
I'm trying to be a positive teammate.
-Yeah. not now!
-Okay.
- Richie.
- Yeah?
I need you to cancel five. each turn.
You know. Sydney. I cannot
cancel 15 fucking reservations. I cannot.
Well. I'm not asking.
- All right. Heard. Chef.
- Thank you.
Can't believe we're literally
taping this place together.
Cut it.
Rosio and. uh. Martin.
some of the Copenhagen crew. hit me.
They'll be in town next week
if you wanted to hang.
Uh… I'll be busy working.
Yeah. fair enough.
- Sh… Ooh. We're good.
- Shit.
-We're good. We're good.
-Okay.
Fuck me. Just kidding.
-Okay. Well…
-Fuck.
-All right. Um…
-Yeah.
-Okay. Okay. Yeah. all good.
-Okay. I got you. That's my bad.
- Here.
- All good.
It's okay.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
-That was… stupid. I was--
-No. no. no. It's my bad.
No. it's… mutual bad.
Um…
Can I ask for a favor?
Yeah. of course.
Do you mind helping with the tableware?
Specifically Neil who has
locked himself in the bathroom…
…and I just kinda like don't wanna know.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Yeah. no. I can. uh…
Yeah. I'll get him out.
Thanks.
-Good?
-Yeah.
Okay.
I told you I would case the place.
I would find out everything about it…
All right. hold on. hold on.
I-I think he has it.
-Here about the birth certificate?
-No. no. it's not…
It's not about the birth certificate.
Air rights. air rights.
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
don't-don't ask me to fill out that form.
Not-Not filling out any more forms.
I. uh…
Young man. what's your name?
What's your name?
Steven.
- All right. Stevie. Look--
- "Steven."
All right. Steven.
I mean no disrespect
at all when I say this.
but if you ask us to fill out
another form of any kind.
I'm gonna jump through this window.
and I'm gonna teach you
-how to suck your own cock. all right?
-James.
And then this motherfucker's
gonna go burn down your house.
and then she's gonna do
something nasty to your pets.
I'm not gonna burn your house down.
- Hey.
How's it going?
-So here's the vibe.
-Mm-hmm.
Smoked horseradish.
perfectly squared onions
and a nice pool of greens.
Some Marcus. some Syd. some…
Tina.
Looks beautiful.
Thank you.
How are you feeling?
Just. um. you know. with everything.
Oh. you mean the little punk
leaving us at our lowest point?
- Yeah.
- Mmm.
No. what I'm saying is I love the kid.
I'm gonna miss him.
But. uh. I guess he's got to do
what he's got to do.
You can let me know. You know.
if it changes anything for you or…
What do you mean?
I mean. you know.
if him leaving changes
how you feel about. like.
this place or me. or you or…
- Syd.
- I don't know.
You gotta do what you gotta do.
Syd.
Whenever. wherever. I'm your Jeff.
Just do it.
It gets worse the later it gets.
I don't even know what to say.
Right. It is tough.
Uh… You could say
there's a hole in the ceiling
or the restaurant has flooded.
Um… Traffic gridlock from the storm.
-We don't have any uniforms…
-Okay.
…or. uh. hey. everyone who works here
has a personality disorder.
I'm sorry. Jason Carter party of four.
Neil. buddy.
Hey. it's time.
You gotta get out of the bathroom. okay?
Bad.
Yeah. I know. but you gotta get out.
No.
Yes.
Yo.
Are we still gonna be pimps?
-What? Is that what he's worried about?
-Well. yeah. but… We're still gonna be…
We're good. right?
We're still gonna be pimps?
- Yeah.
- Yeah. that's what I thought.
Yo. Neil. we're still gonna be pimps.
Say it like you mean it.
Say like you mean it.
Neil…
we're gonna be pimps forever. yeah?
Okay? I promise you.
There you go.
Neil.
Hey.
You gotta get out of the fucking bathroom.
-Very well.
-Okay.
He said he promises.
Come help me fucking--
-I don't wanna be pimps with you.
-I gotta dry this…
I'll fucking wash your ass.
It's okay. Okay. Good job.
I got sprayed fucking eight times.
I don't got time for this shit.
-Go.
-I don't like you.
He broke the valve downstairs.
by the way. so--
- No. I didn't.
- He did what?
- I didn't break…
- You broke the valve. Neil.
Chef. we can handle this.
Yeah. but if I help.
we can handle it faster.
Well. actually. like.
is there anything that you want or need
or that could be different or better or…
What? Did I… Did I say something wrong?
No. it's just no one's ever
asked us that before.
Oh.
Um. well. I'm asking now.
The-The lighting
in these places is designed…
-Oh. my God.
-…to make you mentally fucking ill.
These motherfucking mutants.
they're not gonna help us. are they?
-They're not gonna fucking help us.
-This is the fourth guy now.
- If I was a gambling man…
- Hey. how you doing. buddy?
…I wouldn't gamble.
-Your name?
-Hi. sir.
-Hi.
We're here because this gentleman
over here owns a small business.
-Trying to figure out--
-You're looking for a liquor license?
-Jesus fuck!
-Oh. my God. Motherfucking God.
-Eat my ass.
-Dude.
-I'm sorry for the commotion. I really am.
-I'm overheating. I'm overheating.
We are looking for information.
and we would just like to find out
the name of the person who owns
the air rights. above his business.
What is the name of the business?
The name of the restaurant is The Bear.
Okay. Or The Beef.
Uh. you can look up
Natalie Berzatto. right?
-Natalie Berzatto.
-Berzatto. Natalie Berzatto.
One minute.
Ribs look good.
Uh. I used all of your
Vermont butter to stretch the sauces.
Inventory is low.
Richie's cutting tables now.
so we're good.
We'll have enough food.
Jason. Richie Jerimovich from The Bear.
Yeah. yes.
Oh. is that right?
Fifteen years
since you've seen your brother.
Wow.
Norway. Yeah.
Yeah. that is a long way.
Yeah.
Yeah. I was just calling
to confirm your 7:30 table.
We'll see you then. Okay.
I added the fish sauce.
It didn't need it.
Is there anything you need. Chef?
Would you mind taking out the garbage?
Yes. Chef.
Thank you.
And it turns out they're not dead?
Well. congratulations.
That's-That's beautiful. and w-we're happy
to have all of you. uh. tonight.
Eight o'clock.
Fuck. Fuck!
Yes. baby. What? What is it?
Oh. Oh. you want that?
Okay. You want your bee?
You can have your bee.
You can hold your bee. Yes.
There you are. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. should I keep reading?
Okay. here I go.
Okay.
" 'Guess how much I love you?' he said.
'Oh. I don't think I could guess that.'
said Big Nutbrown Hare.
'This much.' said Little Nutbrown Hare"…
…"stretching out his arms"…
…"as far as they could go."
"But Big Nutbrown Hare
had even longer arms."
" 'But I love you this much.' he said.
'Hmm. That is a lot…' "
"…thought Little Nutbrown Hare."
- Yo. You need a hand?
- Yo.
- You okay?
- All good.
All right.
Are you sure?
I'm all good.
Right.
Crazy day.
Lost some people.
Yeah. I'm sorry about that.
It's all good. Just gotta step it up.
You always do.
Look. w-watching you…
All the new stuff that you've learned…
You know. all-all the creativity.
the-the love you have for it.
the love you have for everybody.
You don't get rattled.
Well. and if you do.
you don't take it out on anybody.
I've been watching a bunch of movies
that I've never seen lately.
It's been. like. honestly.
helping me think of things for desserts.
Been watching silent movies.
Westerns. sci-fi.
the entire Tony Scott catalog.
some foreign movies.
And I saw this one the other night.
It was really dark. and. like.
a lot of bad things was happening to this…
Like this woman that lost her son
and stuff. And…
I don't know. She said
this one thing in the movie
that. like. really stuck with me.
Subtitled. but. essentially. she says.
"We let anxiety set limits on emotion.
on feelings. on grief.
And we trick ourselves into thinking
there's limits because of fear."
So… I don't know.
I just keep thinking about that.
and keep thinking about. like. how none of
that shit is real. and there's no limits.
Is that why you invited your dad?
You know.
the day after making Best New Chef?
I didn't think I would get another chance.
You know he'd get another chance.
You know.
you don't have to do that to yourself.
You know. the chaos.
it is not helpful. Marcus.
It means a lot coming from you.
It should.
It should mean a lot coming from me.
Well. it took me
a long time to learn that.
It should mean a lot.
Yo.
- This is incredible.
- This is fucking delicious.
T made the brussels.
Awesome. Chef. Thank you.
The owner of the air rights
is Mary Heyman.
- Oh. fuck.
- Did he say Crazy Mary?
-H-He did.
-Crazy Mary?
Is Raymond on that form?
-Is Raymond on that form?
-I'm sorry?
Motherfucker. is Raymond on that form?
-Any menu changes. Chef?
-Uh. no. Thank you. Chef.
Corner!
Uh. Carm. could you
grab me a Coke. please.
if there's any left in the walk-in?
-Yes. Absolutely.
-Thank you.
- Chef.
- Hey.
Look. I don't mean
to be annoying at all.
-This is your kitchen…
-Okay.
-…but I wanted to present an idea.
-Why are you being weird?
If you have an idea. obviously.
I want to hear it.
Okay. I was thinking we can stretch
the protein out a little bit more.
you know. use even less lamb.
-if we add all the tuna to the sauce.
-Great. Just cook the thing.
I'm sure it is great.
Chef Luca! Lamb. rare.
- Chef.
- Thank you.
Menu change. Chef.
-Tonnato.
-Got it.
Wow.
-Second-best bite I've had in a long time.
-Yeah?
Mmm.
What was the first-best?
I had this. um…
grapefruit scallop dish
at Empire a few years ago.
Want to check the jus on the Wagyu for me?
- Yeah. Chef.
- Thank you.
Nice. Chef.
If anybody wants to
try any lamb tonnato…
"In the quest for perfection.
the night must be utterly and keenly…"
This fucking sucks.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- This fucking vibe fucking sucks.
- Richie.
-Richie.
-No. this energy fucking sucks.
This weather fucking sucks my dick.
Restaurants fucking suck.
It's all just fucking motherf…
This notebook fucking sucks.
I'm sorry. Chef Sydney.
I'll stop swearing after this.
I'm just… Fuck. I'm just…
I want to light a fire under your ass.
And I really want to light a…
…fire under my ass. and…
I wanted this restaurant to be perfect.
I don't sleep at night.
I just worry about how to make it perfect.
and I've been doing all this research
about. like. what makes…
a restaurant perfect.
You know. like.
what makes the food perfect.
and what makes the room perfect.
and what makes the service perfect.
and the fucking…
…temperature perfect.
and the fucking lighting perfect.
and the fucking wine.
and the fucking fuck. tie fucks.
acoustic fucking panel shit.
I don't fucking know.
I don't know.
I've been to one fucking
perfect restaurant in my life.
And. uh…
no stars.
No "this chef" or "that chef" or…
"this fucking magazine"
or "food that floats."
Just…
It was a restaurant where everyone was…
…was laughing
their ass off all the time
and talking over each other
so you couldn't even hear shit.
And it was a restaurant…
that served meatballs and. like.
two-day-old lasagna and cold cuts
and whatever else was fucking left
in the fridge.
And. uh…
It was a restaurant that. you know. like.
made me feel less alone.
It was. uh…
It was my friend. my cousin. Mike's house.
Berzatto house.
Sunday night.
And everyone loved you there. and you…
I just fucking loved everybody.
You could stay as long as you wanted
'cause they never fucking kick you out
and you didn't…
And you didn't worry about Monday.
I don't know.
We got no fucking money.
We barely have any fucking food.
And we are understaffed and…
We have each other. you know.
We got each other right now.
And we're outgunned. and we are outmanned.
And Monday might not happen and tomorrow
probably definitely won't happen.
So. if you think about
this shit though. right.
if you really think about it.
we got nothing left to lose.
So. we ain't gotta worry
about a fucking thing.
and that is fucking perfect.
- Chef!
Oh. also. if we're gonna invite people
into our home.
we are gonna look like a fucking family.
We are stacked from the second
we open the doors.
We need all hands on deck.
Sandwich guys. we need you
up front clearing tables. Got it?
Rene. Garrett. you are
our servers tonight.
Richie. Neil and Gary
will be your captains.
- Chef!
- Okay.
we've got a last-minute sub tonight.
a lamb tonnato.
That's a rare lamb
with a tonnato sauce of tuna and mayo.
Might sound a bit strange to guests.
Well. it's not.
It's delicious.
and they're also not gonna know.
We drop it on the table.
That is rare lamb with an albacore aioli.
Can I hear that back. please?
Lamb tonnato.
Rare lamb with albacore aioli. Chef.
Carm. tonight.
you're my tournant.
Marcus. Luca. in case things go down.
please be there to pick us back up.
- And. Nat. you used to work here. right?
- Yeah.
Okay. well. maybe just stand by.
It is the seventh circle
of hell outside. and we can't let it in.
We need the mats changed
and then dried and then changed again.
- Chef!
- Out there.
it is probably going to get loud
and messy.
But in here.
I want it to be clean and quiet.
We're gonna transition quickly from table
to table and from set to set.
I want us to support Manny and Angel
by setting those plates down gently.
Every second counts.
Our game has to be the tightest
it has ever been.
or we are not gonna make it. Bears.
I want us to have each other's backs
and speak to each other cleanly.
clearly. kindly.
- and watching our language.
- Chef!
Tight set-completions tonight all night.
Bears.
Keep the board clean and the pass lean.
We turned the room around.
Captains' lanes are now north-south.
servers. east-west.
Chef!
This is how
we keep this place alive.
This is how we operate moving forward.
and we can do this.
- This is The Bear.
- Chef!
-Let's get to work.
-Whoa. whoa. wait.
Okay. res change.
four top changed to two.
What's the last name?
Uh. "Dearborn."
Star Man.
Here we go.
Let it rip.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm